# Week 1    Intro & Ch 1-3

* What identifiable IT outcomes are desired by Parts Unlimited?
1. the IT system to be reliable and available and for the business to be able to depend upon them
2. The focus should be on completing the Phoenix project so that the disruptions to normal operations should be at an absolute minimum level, which means that the IT should response immediately and solve the problem as soon as possible. 


* What parts of the IT lifecycle are mentioned? 
1. Maintainence
2. Development
3. Testing
4. Security
5. Strategy/Planning
6. Optimization

* Who are the consumers, sponsors, and customers at Parts Unlimited? 
1. Consumers: the end-users who utilize the automobile parts, either because they've purchased them directly or because the parts have been installed in their vehicles by professionals. Examples: Car owners who buy aftermarket parts, DIY mechanics, or individuals who get their vehicles serviced and the service center replaces or adds parts.

2. Sponsors: Sponsors support the company, often financially, in exchange for some benefits such as branding, promotion, or collaboration. Examples: investors, like metioned in the Prologue,  Wayne-Yokohama. 

3. Customers: These entities directly purchase the products from the automobile parts company. In many cases, there is overlap between customers and consumers, especially in direct-to-consumer models. Examples: aftermarket parts retailers, auto repair shopes and service centers, original equipment manufacturers, etc. 